Job Description - Marketing Manager - Remote Opportunity

Marketing Manager Location
Washington, DC

About DCI:

DCI Consulting Group is a Human Resources (HR) Risk Management company. Our Department

company was built on the principle that “what gets measured, gets done.” Our clients Marketing

understand the critical importance of using data-driven analytics, principles of human

science, software solutions, and actionable strategies to build more diverse, equitable, and Employment Type

inclusive workplaces. The transformational outcomes help them to maximize workplace Full-Time

successes and relationships, ultimately resulting in their employees reaching their full

potential without any obstacles to success. . .
Minimum Experience

Our Clients: Experienced

DCl’s clients represent a cross-section of private sector, federal agency, federal
contractor, public sector, and national law firms.

Marketing Manager:

DCl’s Marketing Manager is responsible for leading the Marketing Team to optimize
marketing strategy for all consulting services and working with the Sales Team to leverage
new opportunities. The Marketing Manager is responsible for learning and being
knowledgeable about DCI products so that they can effectively market across email,
social media, the website, and other mediums. As a Marketing Manager, you will facilitate
brainstorming of team members and lead the development of new campaign ideas from
project start to finish. You are an ideal Marketing Manager if you are passionate about
addressing workplace equity, understanding marketing and sales principles and best
practices, and leading the growth and development of team members. DCI’s Marketing
Manager is motivated and takes initiative, has strong attention to detail, and can
communicate in a manner that demonstrates professionalism.

Responsibilities:

e Lead the Marketing team to develop campaign strategies and concepts.

e Oversee the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Tool, HubSpot, and ensure
DCI is optimizing our opportunities to interact with contacts.

e Manage workflows and properties as necessary to help manage the CRM data.
e Actively prospect new opportunities.

¢ Track and monitor industry changes and share with the Marketing team.

e Manage the DCI brand and form creative suggestions for maintaining the brand.

¢ Collaborate with the Sales, Contracts, Human Resources, and Consulting
departments to create brand-consistent messaging and materials, for delivery to
internal stakeholders, clients, and the public.

¢ Communicate priorities and strategy with other DCI teams.

e Write press releases for important milestones (e.g., new public policy, strategic
hires).

¢ Write and manage content for the DCI resource library.

e Maintain the company’s external website and ensure timely updates to relevant
materials.

e Maintain the company’s internal intranet sites and ensure timely updates to relevant
materials.

¢ Develop and oversee the content calendar for social media, DCI blogs, webinars, and
email campaigns; review content and provide guidance on strategies.

¢ Create and maintain HubSpot marketing and sales reports including analyzing win
rates and lead time of deals.

e Collaborate with DCI’s strategic partner The Institute for Workplace Equality; assist
with social media, website, and branding.

e Identify new conference opportunities and attend conferences, speaking to clients
and prospects in a professional manner.

Required Technical Skills:

e 5 years of experience in marketing, communication, or similar field.

e Experience leading a small team, or managing external clients and/or cross-functional
teams.

e Bachelor’s Degree in business administration, marketing, communication, or similar
degree.

e Experience with CRM tools and data (e.g., HubSpot).

e Experience navigating prospecting sites (LinkedIn, Zoominfo).

Required General Skills:

e Proficient computer skills, specifically MS Suite (e.g., Word, Access, Excel,
PowerPoint, Outlook, 365, Teams).

e Strong attention to detail.

e Effective written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.

e Strong organizational skills.

e Ability to communicate ideas with team members & visual concepts.

e Dependable, delivering on commitments in a timely manner and with passion.

e Ability to work effectively in a virtual environment as a member of a team and with
significant autonomy, self-discipline, and organization skills.

DCI offers a generous compensation and benefits package, a dynamic work environment,
and a wide range of unique and interesting projects in the DEI context.

DCI Consulting Group is proud of our commitment as an equal opportunity and
affirmative action employer. Our employee culture reflects ethical empowerment, pride,
inclusion, and collaboration which showcases the diversity of thought we provide to the
clients we serve. We are dedicated to an exceptional employee experience and provide
career opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual
orientation, pregnancy, gender, age, political affiliation, marital status, physical or mental
disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other applicable legally
protected characteristics.

If you are unable to apply for career opportunities due to an impairment or disability,
please contact us at Jobs@dciconsult.com for further assistance.

»
